

LIGHTWAVE 3D EXPORT SCRIPT

(mhibbs@cs.princeton.edu)



There are two scripts necessary to export animations from Lightwave into Jot.
They are functional, but not 

STEPS:

Open the Lightwave .lws file in Lightwave.  

For each object in the scene you wish to export, you will need to add a Lightwave lscript file. 
	(Nulls, cameras, and lights do not need the lscript ) 

For each object:
	1) 	Select the Item, and then bring up the Item Properties dialog box ('p' key), and select the "Deform" tag
	2)  	Click the "add displacement" button and select 'LScript':
	3) 	An unspecified "Lscript" item will appear in the list below.  Double-click the item to specify 
	     		the path to the "pointposition.ls" file in the "lightwave export" folder

Once all of the objects have been modified with the Lscript, select the "LScript" tab at the top of the Lightwave Window.
Select the "LScript Tools->LScript" option from the list that appears at left, and select  the 
"JotConvert.ls" file from the "lightwave_export" folder

The script will now run with instructions, which we will follow out here

	A reminder appears to attach the export scripts as we have done above.    
	
	The next window allows you to set the range to export. 
	???FIRST FRAME must be greater than or equal to 1???
	You may also set the path where the export files will be saved.

	"\existing_path\myfolder\myname" will save the file 'myname.jot' and the associated object files inside 'myfolder'

	Click "OK" to continue

	The script will ask for you to preview the first and second frames of the animation,  and then to "end preview". Set start and end appropriately, and click "ok"

	the two frames will run, and once "end preview" has been selected it will run quickly through animation frames

	The script will again bring up a window, this time asking to preview all frames of the animation.  
	set start and end to the entire segment to be exported, and preview again

	Once all of the frames have run though, click on "end preview:"  The program may pause for several minutes to properly
	arrange the exported Jot files ( This time will increase in proportion to the complexity of the scene ).  Once Lightwave
	has become responsive again, check the directory you specified for the exported scene files.  change into this directory
	and run "jot myname.jot" to open the scene inside Jot.  


... animation controls

	The animation controls must first be enabled by pressing "x"

	Animation controls -overview

	'5' reset to first frame of the animation
	'6' forward one frame
	'4' back one frame
	'8' forward by 10 frames
	'2' back by 10 frames
	'/'  play all frames

	'-'  sync animation to timer
	'*'  enable render to disk mode
	'+' stop

	To watch the sequence play back in the display window, '/' is sufficient. 

	For offscreen rendering
		'-' to enable time-sync mode
		'*' to enable writing to disk
		'/' to start recording
	the images will be saved as a numbered sequence of .PNG files. 


	




